This Data consists of some world statistics published by the World Bank since 1961

13908 observations - 55 variables

From years 1960 - 2020, 215 Countries and 12 Aggregates (Arab World, Central Europe and the Baltics
World, East Asia & Pacific, Europe & Central Asia, European Union, Latin America & Caribbean, 
Middle East & North Africa, North America, South Asia, Sub-Saharan Africa, World)

Variables:

1) Agriculture and Rural development - 42 indicators.

2) Access to electricity (% of the population) - Access to electricity is the percentage of the population with access to electricity. Electrification data are collected from industry, national surveys, and international sources.

3) CPIA gender equality rating (1=low to 6=high) - Gender equality assesses the extent to which the country has installed institutions and programs to enforce laws and policies that promote equal access for men and women in education, health, the economy, and protection under law.

4) Mineral rents (% of GDP) - Mineral rents are the difference between the value of production for a stock of minerals at world prices and their total costs of production. Minerals included in the calculation are tin, gold, lead, zinc, iron, copper, nickel, silver, bauxite, and phosphate.

5) GDP per capita (current US$) - GDP per capita is gross domestic product divided by midyear population. GDP is the sum of gross value added by all resident producers in the economy plus any product taxes and minus any subsidies not included in the value of the products. It is calculated without making deductions for depreciation of fabricated assets or for depletion and degradation of natural resources. Data are in current U.S. dollars.

6) Literacy rate, adult total (% of people ages 15 and above)- Adult literacy rate is the percentage of people ages 15 and above who can both read and write with understanding a short simple statement about their everyday life.

7) Net migration - Net migration is the net total of migrants during the period, that is, the total number of immigrants less the annual number of emigrants, including both citizens and noncitizens. Data are five-year estimates.

8) Birth rate, crude (per 1,000 people) - Crude birth rate indicates the number of live births occurring during the year, per 1,000 population estimated at midyear. Subtracting the crude death rate from the crude birth rate provides the rate of natural increase, which is equal to the rate of population change in the absence of migration.

9) Death rate, crude (per 1,000 people) - Crude death rate indicates the number of deaths occurring during the year, per 1,000 population estimated at midyear. Subtracting the crude death rate from the crude birth rate provides the rate of natural increase, which is equal to the rate of population change in the absence of migration.

10) Mortality rate, infant (per 1,000 live births) - Infant mortality rate is the number of infants dying before reaching one year of age, per 1,000 live births in a given year.

11) Population, total - Total population is based on the de facto definition of population, which counts all residents regardless of legal status or citizenship. The values shown are midyear estimates.